Add README (#5)
software-mansion/universal-sierra-compiler: README.md

# Universal-Sierra-Compiler

> Universal-Sierra-Compiler is the tool for Sierra compilation. It compiles any ever-existing Sierra version to the CASM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal-Sierra-Compiler is the tool for Sierra compilation. It compiles any ever-existing Sierra version to CASM.
```

## Usage

> To use the tool, just pass your Sierra json file path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the tool, just pass a path to a file with Sierra in json format:
```

```shell
$ universal-sierra-compiler \
  --sierra-input-path ./path/to/sierra.json
  
{"bytecode": ...}

> ```

Reviewer: I don't see a use case for that, isn't it better to just enforce passing output path?

Author: Nope, it would be useful for us. We can read the compiled sierra from the stdout and bypass creating and removing the file.

> 📝 **Note**
> 
> Please, note that the output is in the JSON format.

To automatically save CASM, pass `casm-output-path` argument:

```shell
$ universal-sierra-compiler \
  --sierra-input-path ./path/to/sierra.json
  --casm-output-path ./path/to/casm.json
```

> 📝 **Note**
>
> `casm.json` can be path to existing (or not) file.
> If the file exists its contents will be overwritten.

> > 

Reviewer: Don't think this is needed
